Update to WebSub Terminology (#450)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-4-Subscribing.md

Subscribing and unsubscribing to a topic is how applications establish their connection and determine which events the Hub will distribute to them.

Subscribing consists of different exchanges:

[Subscription Request](#subscription-request) | Subscriber requests a subscription at the `hub.url` URL
[Subscription Response](#subscription-confirmation) | The Hub confirms that the subscription was requested by the Subscriber
[Subscription Confirmation](#subscription-confirmation) | The subscribing application confirms the subscription

> [Subscription Denial](#subscription-denial) | The Hub indicates that the subscription has been denied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Subscription Denial](#subscription-denial) | The Hub indicates that the subscription has ended

```

Subscribing and unsubscribing to a topic is how applications establish their connection and determine which events the Hub will distribute to them.

Subscribing consists of different exchanges:

[Subscription Request](#subscription-request) | Subscriber requests a subscription at the `hub.url` URL
[Subscription Response](#subscription-confirmation) | The Hub confirms that the subscription was requested by the Subscriber
[Subscription Confirmation](#subscription-confirmation) | The subscribing application confirms the subscription
[Subscription Denial](#subscription-denial) | The Hub indicates that the subscription has ended

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
